# DATA STRUCTURES

## Introduction

## What are Data Structures?
- What is coding?, coding is manipulate data in such a way. All that you'e really doing in coding or software engineering is manipulating data

Manipulating data involves structuring that data, orginizing it and managing it. Data structures are really just a way to orginize and manage data.

*Data Structures are a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions and operations that can be applied to the data*

## Complexity Analysis
Complexity Analysis is the foundational knowledge that you need to better understand data structures. And in turn, complexity analysis is sort of like the bedrock of coding interviews problems.

When you're dealing with a coding interview problem it's very common for a single coding interview problem have multiple solutions.

__Are all of these solutions equal?__ or __Are they all just as good as each other?__ It turns out they're not. Some solutions are better than others. You found a solution to the problem that you've been given. Maybe you've even coded it out and your interviewer's going to ask you the notorious question, can you do better? Can you find a better solution?

__What makes one solution better than another solution?__ And this is where time complexity comes into play. It's whether or not it has a better complexity.

Now __What does complexity mean?__ When we say complexity we're not reffering to a solutions difficulty or complicatedness. Granted, if a solution is needlessly complicated, that might make it worse than another solution, but that's not really a reliable metric that we're gonna be looking at when comparing multiple solutions.

When we talk about complexity here, we're reffering to a very specific computer science concept, which can be further divided into two other concepts called **time complexity** and **space complexity**. And you can refere to both of them together as *space-time* complexity.

1. What is time complexity?
Time complexity is really just a measure of how fast an algorithm or a solution to a coding interview problems runs.

2. What is space complexity?
Space complexity is a just a measure of how much memory or space an algorithm uses up.

But so the faster an algorithm runs, the better its time complexity is and therefore the better the algorithm is. Similarly, the less memory and algorithm takes, the better its space complexity is and therefore the better the algorithm is.

